Improvements to autocomplete article [HC-1486] (#401)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Software Support/IDE Settings/Enable-autocomplete-in-IDE-2.md

id: 4406711538450
---

> Arduino IDE 2 introduces an *Editor Quick Suggestions* feature for writing your code. Follow these steps to enable the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arduino IDE 2 introduces *Editor Quick Suggestions*. When it is enabled, Arduino IDE will provide suggestions to automatically complete code as you type. Editor Quick Suggestions is sometimes referred to as "autocomplete".

Follow these steps to enable Editor Quick Suggestions:
```

> 1. Open the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Arduino IDE.
```
